Add geometry tools documentation (#77)
xournalpp/xournalpp.github.io: docs/guide/tools/geometry.md

circle sectors.

There is a marked radius with measuring marks, along which lines can be drawn. The radius of the
compass/drawn circles can be seen from the last displayed measuring mark.

Angular marks (in purple) help measuring angles. Like for the setsquare there is a display of the
current angle.

## Units, distinguished point and axis

For all geometry tools lenths are measured in centimeters and angles are measured in degrees.

Each geometry tool has a distinguished point and a distinguished axis through that point.
The distinguished point is used as a rotation and scaling center when rotating/scaling via keyboard.
Angles are measured between horizontal axis and distinguished axis.

- **Setsquare**: The distinguished axis and point are the longest side of the setsquare and its
  midpoint, respectively.
- **Compass**: Its distinguished point is the center of the compass wheel. The distinguished axis
  is a radius that carries measuring marks and can be used to draw a radius or part of it.

Using the keyboard (`m` key) the current distinguished point can be marked with an "x"-like shape
that is added to the page. For example when drawing a circle the center using the compass,

> the center of the circle can be marked like that.

Reviewer: These should be moved to the keyboard controls section. They seem out of place here.

Author: Since it is already written in the keyboard controls section, I have just removed it here.

## Setup and activation

In order to setup the geometry tools, check your Display DPI Calibration in the Zoom panel of menu
`Edit > Preferences` to ensure that the length on your screen matches the physical length. Set

> the zoom to 100% to profit from the calibration.

Reviewer: Should set the zoom to 100% before calibration. Might also want to suggest using a physical ruler to compare the length.

Author: I don't think it is needed to set the zoom to 100% before calibration. Moreover it is already suggested there to use a physical ruler.

![grafik](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp.github.io/assets/40485433/302e8b60-edcb-41ef-a184-5e75a657dcfc)

# Geometry tools

In the latest development version, there is a setsquare tool that can be used for measuring lengths and angles and for
geometric constructions.

![Setsquare-Overview](../../img/guide/setsquare_overview.png)

A compass wheel is in work as well.

## Setsquare handling

> - **Switch on/off** either from menu `Edit > Setsquare` or via the toolbar (setsquare symbol)

Reviewer: The current list style is hard to read in my opinion. I think this would be easier to read if separated into subsections, e.g.:

```markdown

## Setsquare

Overview of what the tool is for and how to set it up.

### Keyboard Controls

Description...

### Touch Controls

Description...

### Interactions with other tools

Description of how it works with pen/highlighter
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I tried to improve the structure of this content. There is space for more improvement, I think, but it's already quite a bit more readable, I guess.

> - Check your Display DPI Callibration in the Zoom panel of menu `Edit > Preferences` to have length on your screen match physical length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check your Display DPI Calibration in the Zoom panel of menu `Edit > Preferences` to ensure that the length on your screen matches the physical length.
```

# Geometry tools

In the latest development version, there is a setsquare tool. A compass wheel is in work as well.

## Setsquare

The setsquare can be used for measuring lengths and angles and for geometric constructions.

![Setsquare-Overview](../../img/guide/setsquare_overview.png)

The longest side of the setsquare is used for measuring lengths and to draw lines aligned to it.

> Units are centimeters for lengths and degrees for angles. There are marks (in green) parallel 

Reviewer: This sentence is a little awkward to me, how about the following?
```suggestion
Lengths are measured in centimeters, and angles are measured in degrees. There are marks (in green) parallel 
```

Author: I have incorporated that suggestion.

be achieved by clicking twice on the setsquare symbol on the toolbar.

The setsquare is designed to be used either with touch (one hand) and stylus/mouse (other hand) or with
keyboard (one hand) and stylus/mouse (other hand).

**Keyboard and Touch** are used to move the setsquare (and the page) around, to rotate it and change
its size, whereas **Stylus/Mouse** are used to draw/annotate and in particular to draw lines at the
longest side of the setsquare.

### Keyboard control

Several keys can be used to move, rotate and scale the setsquare. The `Alt` modifier can be used to get smaller steps.

- `arrow keys` for moving around. Steps are 0.25 cm (big) and 0.25 mm (small). Use the shift key to make the setsquare move parallel or perpendicular to the longest side of the setsquare.
- `r/R` for rotation (countclockwise/clockwise) around the midpoint of the longest side of the setsquare. Steps are 5 degrees (big) and 0.2 degrees (small)
- `s/S` for scaling (up/down) from the midpoint of the longest side of the setsquare. Steps for scaling up are 10% (big) and 1% (small). Scaling down has the opposite effect.

### Touch control

> Touch can be used with one finger or two fingers. Gestures with more fingers are not handled.

Reviewer: Does this depend on the Touch Drawing setting?

Author: When Touch Drawing is enabled, you still draw outside of the geometry tool. Otherwise there is no difference. I have updated the description.

- Touch and move outside the setsquare to move the whole page including the setsquare around

#### Two fingers touch

The rotation and scaling centers are the midpoint between the two fingers. The action depend on where you put your first finger and partly also where you put the second finger.

- A touch sequence with two fingers, where the first finger touching the screen is outside the setsquare, acts in the usual way (for zooming and scrolling the whole page)
- A touch sequence with two fingers, where both fingers are placed inside the setsquare is used for simultaneous scrolling/rotating/resizing. Currently the zoom gesture preferences from the Touchscreen panel in menu `Edit > Preferences` are also applied for the resizing operation. I would recommend to set the percentage to something like 50% to avoid unintended resizing.
- A touch sequence with two fingers, where the first finger touching the screen inside the setsquare and the second finger outside the setsquare leads to scrolling/resizing without rotation (and also no rotation snapping).

### Interaction with other tools

> **Stylus/Mouse** interact with the Pen, Highlighter and Hand tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the setsquare is activated, there are special **Stylus/Mouse** interactions with the Pen, Highlighter and Hand tool.
```

Author: I have incorporated your suggestion.
